prep release: v1.17.0 (#3041)
apollographql/router: CHANGELOG.md

This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning v2.0.0](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

# [1.17.0] - 2023-05-04

## 🚀 Features

### GraphOS Enterprise: Operation Limits

You can define [operation limits](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/configuration/operation-limits) in your router's configuration to reject potentially malicious requests. An operation that exceeds _any_ specified limit is rejected.

You define operation limits in your router's [YAML config file](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/configuration/overview#yaml-config-file), like so:

```yaml
preview_operation_limits:
  max_depth: 100
  max_height: 200
  max_aliases: 30
  max_root_fields: 20
```

See details in [operation limits documentation](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/configuration/operation-limits) for information on setting up this GraphOS Enterprise feature.

By [@SimonSapin](https://github.com/SimonSapin), [@lrlna](https://github.com/lrlna), and [@StephenBarlow](https://github.com/StephenBarlow)

## 🐛 Fixes

### Ensure the compression state is flushed ([Issue #3035](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/3035))

> In some cases, the "finish" call to flush the compression state at the end of a request did was not flushing the entire state and it has to be called multiple times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, the "finish" call to flush the compression state at the end of a request was not flushing the entire state. This fix calls "finish" multiple times until all data is used.
```
